docs: minor edits to core concepts (#23839)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/core-concepts.mdx

### Teleport Proxy Service

The **Teleport Proxy Service** allows for secure access to resources in your
infrastructure from the public internet without the need for a VPN.  The
Proxy Service provides connectivity for users, machines and resources

> within the cluster.

Reviewer: I think we can condense this paragraph. The second sentence repeats the idea in the first sentence that the Proxy Service allows for secure access to resources in your infrastructure.

> It establishes reverse tunnels to the **Teleport Auth Service** for **Teleport

Reviewer: Would you mind explaining the switch from "and" to "for" here?

Author: The connection is for the Teleport Services to connect to the auth service.  The auth service does not perform calls to Teleport services itself, only receives calls directly through its API.  There's no reverse tunnels created for the Teleport Auth service itself.

Services**, which can run in private networks. This means that, in the Proxy
Service's minimal configuration, you can expose only port `443` to the internet
and run the rest of your infrastructure in private networks.

You can run multiple Proxy Service instances in a cluster for high availability.

The Proxy Service, and all Teleport Services, can run on the public internet,
isolated networks or even air-gapped infrastructure. You can also configure 
clients to bypass Proxy Service instances and connect to resources with 

> Teleport-issued certificates directly. 

Reviewer: I'd like to keep the Core Concepts guide more of a conceptual overview than a detailed architectural breakdown. 

Are prospective users reading this guide and getting turned off by the possibility that the Proxy Service only runs on the public internet? If so, we might be able to work this information into this section more smoothly to keep it concise.

Reviewer: 👍 I think we can streamline this section a bit since the current wording says the Proxy Service enables public internet connections in the first paragraph. How about:

```markdown
The Teleport Proxy Service allows for secure access to resources in your
infrastructure without the need for a VPN, and provides connectivity
 for users, machines and resources within the cluster.

The Proxy Service establishes reverse tunnels to the Teleport Auth Service for Teleport services, which can run in private networks. This means that, in the Proxy Service's minimal configuration, you can expose only port 443 to the internet and run the rest of your infrastructure in private networks.

Like all Teleport services, the Proxy Service can run on the public internet, isolated networks or air-gapped infrastructure. You can also configure clients to bypass Proxy Service instances and connect to resources with Teleport-issued certificates directly.

You can run multiple Proxy Service instances in a cluster for high availability.
```

depending on the user's configuration. Read about all subcommands of `teleport`
in our [CLI Reference](./reference/cli.mdx#teleport).

All Teleport Services, except for Teleport SSH Service, support running in a 
high availability configuration for multiple connections to the same resources.

### Teleport Application Service

Proxies HTTP and TCP traffic to user-configured endpoints, e.g., internal web

> applications or Cloud APIs including AWS, Azure and GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications or the AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud APIs.
```
To condense this a bit. Also, I think the GCP docs say "Google Cloud" now.

### Authentication connector

> An authentication connector (also known as Auth connector) is a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication connector (also known as an auth connector) is a 
```

Reviewer: The other possibility is to update the rest of the docs so we only say "authentication connector":

```bash
grep -RhiEo "auth(entication)? connector" docs/pages | s
ort | uniq -c
   1 Auth Connector
   1 Auth connector
   1 Authentication Connector
   4 Authentication connector
  19 auth connector
  37 authentication connector
```
